The track, released Jan. 24, marks the superstar rapper’s fifth Hot 100 leader, following “Franchise,” featuring Young Thug and M.I.A. (one week at No. 1 in October 2020); “The Scotts,” billed to The Scotts, Travis Scott and Kid Cudi (one, May 2020); “Highest in the Room” (one, October 2019); and “Sicko Mode” (one, December 2018). All have debuted at No. 1 except for “Sicko Mode,” which started at No. 4.</br>Scott appeared at the College Football Playoff National Championship halftime show on Jan. 20, when he debuted “4×4” atop Atlanta’s Mercedes-Benz Stadium. All proceeds from the song’s CD single, among other of his offerings, benefit Direct Relief’s California Wildfire Response Fund.</br>Also notably, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” at No. 5 on the Hot 100 after a record-tying 19 weeks at No. 1, rewrites the longest reign ever on the Radio Songs chart – 27 weeks – breaking out of a tie with The Weeknd’s “Blinding Lights.”</br>The Hot 100 blends all-genre U.S. streaming (official audio and official video), radio airplay and sales data, the lattermost metric reflecting purchases of physical singles and digital tracks from full-service digital music retailers; digital singles sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites are excluded from chart calculations. All charts (dated Feb. 8, 2025) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, Feb. 4. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.</br>Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.
